Add label and context to public-key encryption (#842)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

avoid collisions in these labels, an IANA registry is defined in
{{mls-signature-labels}}.

### Public-Key Encryption

As with signing, MLS includes a label and context in encryption operations to
avoid confusion between ciphertexts produced for different purposes.  Encryption
and decryption including this label and context are done as follows:

~~~ pseudocode
EncryptWithLabel(PublicKey, Label, Context, Plaintext) =
  SealBase(PublicKey, EncryptContext, "", Plaintext)

DecryptWithLabel(PrivateKey, Label, Context, KEMOutput, Ciphertext) =
  OpenBase(KEMOutput, PrivateKey, EncryptContext, "", Ciphertext)
~~~

Where EncryptContext is specified as:

~~~ tls
struct {
  opaque label<V>;
  opaque context<V>;
} EncryptContext;
~~~

And its fields set to:

~~~
label = "MLS 1.0 " + Label;

> content = Context;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
context = Context;
```

~~~

Here, the functions `SealBase` and `OpenBase` are defined {{RFC9180}}, using the

> HPKE algorithms specified by the group's cipehersuite.  If MLS extensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HPKE algorithms specified by the group's ciphersuite.  If MLS extensions
```

require HPKE encryption operations, they should re-use the EncryptWithLabel

> construction, using a distinct label.  To avoid collisions in these labels, an

Reviewer 2: Would be possible to recommend or even RECOMMEND that extensions use separate HPKE keys (which can be included in leaves as extensions)?

of the copath node (excluding new leaf nodes), with each ciphertext being the
encryption to the respective resolution node.

The HPKECiphertext values are encrypted and decrypted as follows:

~~~ pseudocode
(kem_output, ciphertext) =
  EncryptWithLabel(node_public_key, "UpdatePathNode",
                   group_context, path_secret)

path_secret =
  DecryptWithLabel(node_private_key, "UpdatePathNode",
                   group_context, kem_output, ciphertext)
~~~

> Here `node_public_key` is the public key of the node that the path secret is
> being encrypted for, `group_context` is the provisional GroupContext object for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here `node_public_key` is the public key of the node for which the path secret is
encrypted, `group_context` is the provisional GroupContext object for
```
